Update text features documentation. (#77)
ludwig-ai/ludwig-docs: docs/configuration/features/text_features.md

    fill_value: ""
```

!!! note
    If a text feature's encoder specifies a huggingface model, then the tokenizer for that model will be used
    automatically.

## Text Input Features and Encoders

Text input feature parameters are

- `encoder` (default `parallel_cnn`): encoder to use for the input text feature. The available encoders include encoders
used for [Sequence Features](#sequence-input-features-and-encoders) as well as encoders from the huggingface
transformers library: `bert`, `gpt`, `gpt2`, `xlnet`, `xlm`, `roberta`, `distilbert`, `ctrl`, `camembert`, `albert`,
`t5`, `xlmroberta`, `flaubert`, `electra`, `longformer` and `auto-transformer`.
- `level` (default `word`): `word` specifies using text words/symbols, `char` use individual characters.

> - `tied_weights` (default `null`): name of the input feature to tie the weights of the encoder with. It needs to be the name of a feature of the same type and with the same encoder parameters.

Reviewer: I will go back and review this in the document I edited where I didn't update tied_weights -> tied
```suggestion
- `tied` (default `null`): name of the input feature to tie the weights of the encoder with. It needs to be the name of a feature of the same type and with the same encoder parameters.
```

max_sequence_length: 0
```

## Text Features Metrics

> The measures are the same used for the [Sequence Features](#sequence-features-measures).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The metrics available for text features are the same used for the [Sequence Features](../sequence_features#sequence-features-metrics).
```
